For computer science, we're always changing things, all the time. So,
this is the difference between the people that survived the dot crash
and the people that had to go. So, an example would be, let's say
Kodak, Kodak is a maker of cameras. They had the Polaroid camera. However,
eventually people started using digital cameras. People started
using their phones for cameras and rather than take advantage of
this technology, Kodak, kind of, just sat with their usual product and
as we can see, where people started to switch over their photo taking
format, Kodak started to decline. Another example would be Netflix.
So, I'm sorry, Netflix is an online video producer, who took over
the big reign that Blockbuster used to have. Blockbuster was a big
building that you go inside, you choose whichever video you wanted
to, you take it up to the front, you pay your money and and you take
the video for three days, then you're supposed to bring it back. If
you don't bring it back, then you have to pay these fees. And Netflix
kind of saw that and then they made an online video retailer store.
And Blockbuster didn't follow suit with that and that's why they,
kind of, like, I think, went belly-up. Maybe they're still around
but they didn't get with the times. So, my point for saying this, with
Kodak, with Blockbuster, you have to look a couple years in the future,
maybe even longer and wherever you see technology going, that's
where you have to change. Now, there's a big impetus for people to
have a working product and say, "This is our goal, this is the thing
that we do." But if you don't switch, if you don't change, then I'm
sorry, technology is going to run you to the ground.